Replacing Postgres deployment instructions with Clickhouse ones (#1701)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/self-host/deploy/hosting-costs.md

showTitle: true
---

Charges on various platforms can be confusing to understand as loadbalancers (which we have 1 in the default configuration) and storage (default configuration has 64Gi) are often charged separately from compute. Plus potential network utilization or other miscellaneous costs.

## DigitalOcean (56$/month)

See [DigitalOcean Kubernetes pricing](https://www.digitalocean.com/pricing#kubernetes).

> At the time of writing the suggested default setup comes around 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At the time of writing the suggested default setup is as follows:
```

1. 40$ for compute (2x smallest prod nodes)
1. 6.4$ for storage (64Gi block storage)
1. 10$ for load balancer (1x small LB)

> Making the total 56.4$ / month

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Making the total 56.4$ / month.
```

## AWS (100$/month)

> At the time of writing the suggested default setup comes around 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At the time of writing the suggested default setup is as follows:
```

1. 70$ for compute (2x m5.large). Note that reserved instances are about 40% cheaper if you can commit to a year.
1. 6.4$ for storage (64Gi block storage). Note that potentially you'll get charged for snapshots extra.
1. 20$ for load balancer (18.25 + 0.008 / GB of data was processed)

> Making the total around 100$ / month 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Making the total around 100$ / month.
```

## Help us make this guide better

> If you've deployed Posthog on platforms not listed here or are seeing different costs, please let us know how much you're spending roughly so we can improve this guide. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you've deployed PostHog on platforms not listed here or are seeing different costs, please let us know how much you're roughly spending so we can improve this guide. 
```
